New multi-wallet management page (#1040)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/multiple-wallets.md

- Separate balances and activity lists per wallet
- Wallet-specific settings
- Wallet switchers, conveniently placed

However, we guide users towards using a single, primary private key to construct several wallets. This simplifies the [backup process]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/backups/' | relative_url }}) to reduce the risk of loss of wallet. This is acceptable from a security perspective, because the wallets with larger amounts are either view-only (keys are external), or additionally protected by requiring multiple signatures (from the partner, hardware wallet, or assisted custody provider respectively).

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/multiple-wallets/key-distribution.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/multiple-wallets/key-distribution@2x.png"
   alt-text = ""
   width = 800
   height = 398
%}

Remember to guide users during wallet setup towards best practices around [progressive security]({{ '/guide/getting-started/principles/#security' | relative_url }}). Even with strong guidance, you often still want to allow users to deviate, to accomodate their unique use case and context.

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_custom_backup %}

> We also keep a single [contact book]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/contacts/' | relative_url }}) across wallets. And for balance and transactions, we default to separate views by default, with the option for a unified view. More on that below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also keep a single [contact book]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/contacts/' | relative_url }}) across wallets. Whereas for balance and transactions, we default to separate views by default, with the option for a unified view. More on that below.
```

Certain aspects of the application need to be flexible. For example, when a user scans a [QR code]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/#qr-code' | relative_url }}) of an invoice, an appropriate wallet can be automatically chosen. But this might not match the user intent, so they should be able to easily switch.

Let's take a closer look at some of the important screens and user flows.

## Payments screen

> Compared to the [daily spending wallet]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/#requesting-entry-point' | relative_url }}), the only addition to the payments screen is an indicator for the currently selected wallet, right above the amount input. This indicator also functions as a button to expand the wallet selector modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to the [daily spending wallet]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/#requesting-entry-point' | relative_url }}), the only addition to the payments screen is an indicator for the currently selected wallet, right above the amount input. This indicator also functions as a button to expand the wallet switcher modal.
```

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_payments %}

## Balance & activity

By default, balance and [activity]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/activity/' | relative_url }}) only include information from the currently selected wallet. A wallet switcher is available again right above the balance. This switcher includes the option to select multiple (or all) wallets, so users can more easily get an overview of all their funds. This selection carries through to the search functionality.

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_activity %}

## Sending

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/multiple-wallets/send.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/multiple-wallets/send@2x.png"
   modalImage = "/assets/images/guide/multiple-wallets/send-big.png"
   alt-text = "Send screen with a wallet selector option"
   caption = "Users can choose which wallet to send from"
   width = 250
   height = 541
   layout = "float-right-desktop -background -shadow"
%}

> A wallet indicator and switcher in the [send flow]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/sending/' | relative_url }}) is a necessity to keep users informed about which funds will be transferred. Applications may automatically switch wallets to match given payment information. For example, if the user selects a contact that only has a lightning address, the application should switch to the lightning wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A wallet indicator and switcher in the [send flow]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/sending/' | relative_url }}) is a necessity to keep users informed about which funds will be transferred. Applications may automatically switch wallets to match the given payment information. For example, if the user selects a contact that only has a lightning address, the application should switch to the lightning wallet.
```

> Users should be able to easily override these if they want to act differently based on their current needs and goals. For example, an application may decide that the on-chain wallet is most appropriate for a payment because the lightning wallet is low on liquidity. But the user might be in a rush and prefers to use lightning even if it means paying a swap fee for the additional liquidity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users should be able to easily override these if they want to act differently based on their current needs and goals. For example, an application may decide that the on-chain wallet is most appropriate for a payment because the lightning wallet is low on liquidity. However the user might be in a rush and prefers to use lightning even if it means paying a swap fee for the additional liquidity.
```

Note that it is not possible in this design to transfer funds from multiple wallets at once.

</div>

## Transfers

In addition to the new "from" selector, the "to" field also needs to be become more flexible to allow for transfers.

> Transfers between wallets on different layers include additional complexity and may require either an involved manual process, or use of a third-party service (like a [lightning service provider]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }})).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers between wallets on different layers include additional complexity and may require either a manual process, or the use of a third-party service (like a [lightning service provider]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }})).
```

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_transfer %}

## Receiving

> Payment requests the user shares include the currently selected wallet as well. And when receiving bitcoin, ensure users can easily see which wallet the payment was received to, and navigate there with a tap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payment requests the user shares include the currently selected wallet as well. When receiving bitcoin ensure that user can quickly tap to navigate there to see which wallet received the payment.
```

Author: I find the changed version less precise and harder to read.

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_archive %}

## Alternate approaches

#### Card-based wallet visualization

A card format sometimes chosen to give wallets a unique look that helps users recognize what it is they are looking at. Some applications also let users customize the appearance, which helps with recognition even more. Regardless of that, it is also recommended to communicate primary properties, like the layer and wallet type (single-key, multi-key, view-only…).

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_visuals %}

#### On wallet accounts

Different applications use the terms wallet and account to refer to different things (see the [glossary wallet page]({{ '/guide/glossary/wallet/' | relative_url }})). A specific meaning to be aware of, and decide whether to support, is that of account path levels in hierarchical deterministic wallets (see [BIP 44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki#user-content-Account)).

> To put it simply, multiple separate wallets can be derived from the same recovery phrase, by choosing a different account number. This feature may be helpful to explicitly separate funds meant for different purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To put it simply, multiple separate wallets can be unlocked using the same recovery phrase, simply by choosing a different account number. This feature may be helpful to explicitly separate funds meant for different purposes.
```

Author: Unlocked is not quite the same as derived.
